Today I'm going to show you guys how
Claude can be a complete game changer
for editing videos. Whether that's text
on screen like up here or whether that's
subtitles down at the bottom like right
here or it could be motion graphics or
charts and different elements. It can be
pretty much anything you want it to be.
I can move my face around if I want. I
can do anything by just using my natural
language. You don't have to know how to
code at all. And I'm going to show you
guys a ton of other examples. So let's
not waste any time and let's just get
straight into the video. So yeah, pretty
wild. By the end of this video, you'll
know exactly how to do all of this that
I just did using Claude. And it's so
much easier than you may think. And I'm
going to give you guys a repo and a
skill and all the stuff that you need to
get set up exactly like I've been set up
here for completely free. So stay tuned
and I'll show you how. So Claude is now
a video editing team and this has
already been saving me so much time.
It's actually crazy. Now one thing I
want to put into perspective real quick
is if you've never edited videos
yourself, if you've never like used key
frames and animated motion graphics and
things like that, you may not realize
how long this 23 second clip would have
taken you to edit manually. But if I
wanted to edit this by hand, it would
have probably taken me like 2 hours. And
you know, I'm not a crazy good video
editor, so maybe some of the best could
do this in 30, 45 an hour. But the
people on my team who actually know how
to edit videos really well, said that
this is a complete game changer. So,
we're going to talk about two different
methods. The first one is using Claw
Design. Yeah, Claude Design, the web app
that we showed off yesterday. If you
didn't see that video, I'll tag it right
up here. But inside of Claw Design, not
only can you make websites and slide
decks, but you can actually animate
things. I'll show you guys some
examples. We'll go through a live build
together. It's really cool. And then
we're going to talk about how to do it
with hyperframes, which is kind of like
a better version of Remotion. If you
guys have seen that, it's a little bit
more setup, but it's way more powerful.
So, I'm going to walk you guys through
both of those. So, real quick before we
do that, let's just start with a taste.
Let me show you guys a few different
examples of what's happened here. So,
obviously you guys already saw that
Clawude Edit intro, but let's look at
one that I made called the Hyperframe
Sizzle, which just basically shows off
the power of what hyperframes could
really do. All right, here we go.
So, we got this cool little terminal
thing that installs Hyperframes.
Hyperframes times cloud code. Write HTML
render video
built for agents.
Hours to ship a 90-cond video. Premiere
Pro Final Cut but hyperframes is a
fraction of the time.
We got these cool little phones pop up
and you can see it's like the process of
like rendering a video. Prompt, preview,
render.
The audio is reactive, which is pretty
cool. Another
little terminal style animation.
We're launching different color schemes.
This is from Enthropic. It pulls in
their font. We can see Claude 4.7 Opus.
We can see a swirl type of animation
which we can install from Hyperframes.
We could also do this chromatic radial
split.
We've got these other cool little
overlays that could pop up. And you can
use so many of these elements out of the
box. They've got cataloges. They've got
things like that. You can sync your
voice to the actual words like karaoke
style subtitles.
It goes from HTML to your browser to
ffmpeg to MP4 and it is just really
really impressive. So, so this is
supposed to be my logo. Not exactly sure
what happened. Oh, that's weird. For
some reason, the draft had my logo, but
the final version didn't. So, I would
have to tweak that, but basically that's
what happened there. And all of this,
this entire video was animated and
edited and created by Hyperframes and
Claude Code. Okay, now let me show you
one called the first agent promo. And we
actually made this one in claw design.
So in here you can see that I basically
the other day I made this thing called
the first agent promo. So it basically
made me a website. And so what I did
with this is I converted this up here. I
exported this to a standalone HTML as
you can see right here. I downloaded
that standalone HTML. And then I went
back into a new project right here, the
first agent release video. And you can
see what I did is I dropped in that
standalone HTML. And now we get this.
So, AI Automation Society, what if you
could build an AI agent this weekend?
All the branding is consistent. Your
first AI agent. You can see that there's
like a scrolling banner at the bottom.
We've got these animations coming in
really nice. And just once again, all I
did was dropped in the HTML of our
website and then said, "Turn this into
an animated release video." Um, I I
mean, I thought all of these animations
are awesome. I really like this one with
the terminal style stuff. I think that's
really cool. And then it pops up at the
end with, you know, May 4th through 6,
just $20, 500 seats. Claim your seat,
join for 20 bucks. It all is just like
super branded to the same way that the
actual site is. And once again in here,
my prompt was create me an animation for
the first air agent promotion. I dropped
in the standalone HTML for this launch.
There should be motion graphics,
animations, and visual elements that
explain what's going on. It should feel
fast-paced and engaging. That's it. And
then it created me this. Once again,
this 30-ish second clip would have taken
multiple hours to edit by hand. Okay, so
method one is using claw design. How do
we actually make a video? How do we make
it feel branded? and where are the
limitations of claw design. So you guys
pretty much just saw all that, right? Um
I came in here and I have my AI
automation society design system. So now
it understands my logos, my branding, my
colors, my typography, and that's how it
made all of this stuff for me feel like
the real website, which real quick, just
to show you guys, it looks like this. So
this is basically exactly what you saw
in um those other two things, the promo
video and the website. It has the same
buttons. It has the same font. It has
the same colors. And now every video I
make or every whatever I make in claw
design will also look like that. So
let's say we want to make a new video.
If I go here to from template and I
click on animation, now we can actually
make a timeline based motion design. So
I'm going to call this one um May short
demo. And we're going to create from
template. So, what I want to do here is
instead of just animating, you know,
motion graphics, I wanted to take a
video of mine and somehow animate that
with things on top of it. So, I'm going
to drop in a video file real quick.
Okay. So, I just attached this file um
right here. You can see May short 6. So,
it's like a 18second clip or something.
And I wanted to animate it. So, I'm
going to say, "Hey, I just gave you a
video, an MP4 called May Short 6, and
what I want you to do is create a
landscape video. Um, I want you to
animate this so that people can watch
the video and they will will be text and
motion graphics and animations that sync
up and go along with what I'm actually
saying in the video. And it should be
engaging and, you know, keep their
attention while visually illustrating
the concepts. Okay, so that is my
prompt. I'm going to shoot that off. And
now Claude Design is basically going to
start asking me some questions and it's
going to start making this video. Now,
what you'll notice here is it can't
actually read or listen to or understand
what's being said in the video, which
when you're animating a video, that's
super important. And that's one of the
limitations is you would have to
basically feed in like the transcript of
it so that it could actually understand
what's being said and where. So, here it
says paste in the video with the rough
timestamps. And, you know, if you had to
do that manually, it's a little bit of
work. Luckily for us, in my cloud code
project, we've already done this. And by
the way, if you're overwhelmed looking
at this, don't be. I'm going to explain
it later. But I would come down here to
my May short 6 project and I already did
basically extract the script. So if I go
to assets, you can see I have May short
6 JSON and this basically transcribed
this whole video word for word with
timestamp. So I'm just going to copy
this, go back into cloud design, paste
that in. So now it should be able to see
the actual script. And then it asks me
some other questions. So where does your
talking head sit? It could be full width
behind me with graphics overlay on top.
It could be me on the left, graphics on
the right. Um, and I'm just basically
going to say decide for me. Let's see
what it can do. Visual energy level,
let's go with punchy. What kind of
motion graphics? We will do animated
captions. We will do um diagrams,
progress bars, screen. Yeah, all that.
Sure, we'll do full AIS dark theme. The
end card CTA will be join the free
community and we'll do landscape and
shoot that off. So, what I like about
Claw Design is it does a good job of
asking you questions, but once again,
like I said, the limitation is it can't
actually read or listen to and
transcribe the video. You would have to
give it that timestamp stuff if you
wanted to actually sync the text and
animations to what you're saying, which
obviously is very important. And of
course, so that it actually knows what
motion graphics to create. Okay, so that
took like 2 minutes. Let's see what we
got. I've built over 500 AI workflows
and most of them businesses don't need.
They don't need flashy automations or
cool AI demos. They want simple things
that save time or make money. That's it.
The workflows that actually work are
boring stuff that replaces real work.
That's what businesses pay for. Comment
500W and I'll send you the full
breakdown. Okay, that is crazy. I mean,
this is like super fast-paced. There's
lots of animations. In some ways, this
actually might be a bit better than what
we would do later with hyperframes
because like that is really impressive.
Yeah, I mean I I'm very impressed that
it was able to do this. Anyways, what
you would do now if you want to export
this, it doesn't actually let you export
this as a MP4. So, you would either just
make this full screen and you would just
screen record it, which would be fine.
Or if it's a longer video, you could
actually do this. You could go here and
hand off to Claude code and just copy
this command. And then you could come
into Claude and just literally give it
this and then say, "Hey, render this as
an MP4." And it would actually be able
to do it for you. And then you'd get the
download, which is exactly what I did
here with the first agent promo. The
render, you can see that we have the
first agent promo. And that's exactly
the same flow I did. I gave it that link
and I said, "Hey, render this." Because
when you think about what's actually
going on with hyperframes, it's
basically just creating HTML. And Cloud
Design is really, really good at
creating HTML. And apparently, it's
really good at animating that HTML as
well. So, Cloud Design is a very, very
viable option to actually edit these
videos. I'll show you guys another quick
output I did earlier, which was this
one. I did this one um vertically just
because I wanted to see how it would
work and see what it did. And obviously
I didn't prompt it too much, right? Like
I didn't give it a ton of information
and I didn't tell it like, hey, when
we're doing short form content, it needs
to do this, this, and this. Um, but
here's what we got. Let me just get rid
of the tweaks. Let's see what we got
here. I've built over 500 AI workflows
and most of them businesses don't need.
They don't need flashy automations or
cool AI demos. They want simple things
that save time or make money. That's it.
The workflows that actually work are
boring stuff that replaces real work.
That's what businesses pay for. Comment
$500. Okay, so the animations look good
and stuff, right? But it's obviously
just covering my face. So I'd want to
say, "Hey, maybe you should put my face
on just the bottom half and then put
animations up top and things like that."
But, you know, I didn't even give it any
information here. This one, you can see
actually timed out. So it filled in a
bunch of information right here. It said
that the questions timed out on the
user, so it just went with the defaults.
So maybe that's another reason why it's
not as good. But this is really
impressive. Okay, so that's cloud
design. You guys will be able to get in
there, play around with it, and I think
it'll be able to take you pretty far.
But if you want to go even farther and
if you want more control, then you might
want to look at using Hyperframes, which
is what I'm going to be showing you guys
now. So before we hop into Hyperframes,
let's real quick look at a few other
examples that Hyperframes was able to
create for me. So in this example, I
basically said, hey, let's pretend that
AI Automation Society is releasing a
mobile app. And I gave it the URL of AI
Automation Society, and here's what we
got.
I mean,
That's pretty incredible. I love this
slide. I love this scene. And the tweet
is pretty cool. The follow is awesome.
And the reason it was able to do some of
these things is because inside of
Hyperframes, or not inside, but they
have this documentation of, you know,
like how it works. And they also have
some really cool catalog things. So, you
could pull in this exact animation and
just fill in your own things. A Mac OS
notification, a Reddit postcard. We've
got all of these different transitions
as well. We've got the app showcase
right here, which is what you saw um
earlier in a different video. But it is
just so cool. You can do a 3D UI reveal
like this. There's lots of elements that
you can already pull out and use. Okay,
let me show you guys another example of
one that is kind of a
>> lesson 5.1. When and how to pitch an
audit. At some point during a project,
you're going to notice something. The
client's business has more problems than
the one you were hired to fix. You can
see inefficiencies and workflows they
haven't even asked about. You can tell
the system needs more than a single
automation. And you'll want to say
something, but you won't be sure how.
Bringing up a bigger engagement feels
risky. You don't want to come across as
the consultant who's always trying to
expand the scope. So, you might just
finish the project, send the invoice,
and move on. That hesitation costs you.
Not because pitching audits is hard.
Okay, so I'm going to pause it there.
You guys can see the styling is a little
bit different, right? And for an
educational style video, I don't even
know. I might want to use that or I
might want to play around more with what
we saw back in hyperframes over here
because like I said, I thought that this
output was really, really cool. So, the
important thing to understand here is
there's so much customization. Like,
obviously, I tweaked this project so
many times and I've rendered probably
over 60 videos in the past day just
playing around with different methods.
And that's what's really important when
you use a tool like Hyperframes or Claw
Design is that you're putting in your
own sort of like, you know, animation
philosophy and your own design skills
and your own things to make the outputs
the way you want them. Now, before we
get set up, I wanted to show you two
other things that I tried to play with
that didn't really work too well. So,
the first one was a ClickUp demo. I
tried to make like a product SAS demo
and I could have made this work a lot
better if I did some things a little bit
more manually, but I was really trying
to push this tool to see what it could
do with Cloud Code. So, basically what I
did is I said, "Hey, go to clickup.com
and screen record and login as me and
take screenshots and just create me a
demo." And this is what it ended up
making. It's not perfect, but if you
think about the fact that I didn't
record any of the screen thing and I
just said I shot it off on a prompt and
it came back, it's pretty cool. Now,
this is also version five. So, I tried
four different prompts and then I got to
this one. Iterated each time. You can
see it pulled the logo. It has this nice
animation. The color scheme feels like
ClickUp. We have sort of that 3D UI
reveal. And this is where it loses me a
little bit. It starts to just become a
little bit static. Even though you can
see it went into the app and it was able
to take pictures, but now it's losing a
bit of that taste and it's kind of
losing the energy that a human editor
would have been able to put in. So, what
I think is really awesome about this is
people who already know how to edit and
people who have a nice creative like
intuition are going to be able to use
these tools to 10x their productivity.
Because if someone has no taste, there
might they might get outputs like this.
But if someone has really good
understanding of what makes videos
engaging and what, you know, scenes and
transitions they should be looking at,
they're going to be able to use these
tools like crazy. So, anyways, that's
what we got when I just gave it
ClickUp's URL and said, "Make me a
product demo." And then the other thing
I wanted to show you guys is I was
playing around with making shorts using
cloud code and um hyperframes because
it's a little bit more customizable. And
this was my second version of this one.
I think earlier I made five or six
shorts just testing it out. But you can
see, you know, shorts are different.
They have to capture your attention.
They have to be engaging. And I just
don't think that this is there yet. Like
I wouldn't post this. But I do think
that if I keep iterating, it can
definitely get there eventually. So
let's give it a quick watch. Claude just
killed chat GPT. not in hype, but in
actual use. Better outputs, more
reliable, less babysitting. If you're
building with AI, you've probably
already felt it. And if you haven't,
then you need to switch before it's too
late. Comment dead and I'll send the
video explaining why. Okay, so what I
like about this is there's always
something new going on. The subtitles
are there automatically. Sometimes it's
me on the bottom half and stuff on the
top half, and sometimes it zooms into
just me. And then sometimes it goes to
just all motion graphics. So, it
definitely has this feeling like there's
different vibes as you progress
throughout the video, but like I said,
it's not there yet. I wouldn't post
this, but it's getting better and it's
really cool. So, how do we actually go
ahead and set up hyperframes? Well, you
have to use cloud code for this. That's
at least how I'm going to show you. And
you can use this in VS Code, which is
mainly what I'm going to show you guys.
You can also use this in the cloud
desktop app. So, like what I've got
pulled up right here. And what's cool
about this is Cloud Desktop app has a
preview function. So you can pull up an
app you're working on or a local host
and you can preview your video right in
here from the app as you're having a
conversation which I do like but also I
would like this to be just like full
screen and I don't know for me it's not
too big of a deal to just switch over to
my browser in order to see the local
host and then just open VS Code back up.
So that's really the main benefit of
using the cloud desktop app. For me the
main benefit of using VS Code is I can
see all of my projects. I can see the
different assets I've dropped in. I can
move things around. I can look at all my
different renders. I like to be able to
see my files. And that's why I'm going
to be using VS Code for this video.
Also, this entire project right here is
going to be a free GitHub repository
that you guys can access, like I said,
for free. Just join my free school
community. The link for that is down in
the description, and you'll be able to
find all of my YouTube resources in
there. And once you get that GitHub
repo, literally just take the URL of it,
sort of like I did with this, you know,
the Hey Gen hyperframes one. You take
the URL, you give it to Cloud Code, and
you say, "Hey, can you please like
analyze this or can you clone it and
pull it in and then just help me set up
my own video editing studio right here
in this project?" So, that leads me on
to step one, which is you go to the
official Hey Gen Hyperframes repo. If
you scroll down, you can read about all
of the different things in here. It's
already got some built-in skills that
you can use. Um, but then basically it
shows you how this works and the quick
start. So, you could just use this. You
could just install it right here. But I
think what's better is you copy the URL.
Like I said, you grab the URL of this
GitHub repo, come into your cloud code,
paste it in, and then you just say
something like this is an open- source
video editing tool that I want to use,
analyze the repo, you know, start to
build some skills and start to build
some knowledge around how it works, and
then help me get it installed, and it
will just in a matter of minutes, you'll
have it up and running, and then you
just have to start iterating. And that's
the thing about a tool like this is it
really is all about iteration. So, here
is my project. Here is the actual like
different ones I've worked on. You can
see that I've iterated a ton. If I open
up this one and I go to my renders,
there's different versions, right? And
there's so many different frames that
I've tried. If I go to like the May
Schwartz 19, we have tried so many
different versions because what happens
is it gives you something and then you
say, "Okay, here's what I like. Here's
what I don't like. Go make changes." And
then it renders it again. And then you
say, "Okay, here's what I like. Here's
what I don't like." And you have to do
that over time. And as you do that, tell
it build up a skill for this. Build up a
skill for this. Build up a design doc
for this. So, every single iteration,
every single video you make makes your
entire video editing studio in Cloud
Code better. So, don't expect that
you're going to be able to clone my
repo, ask it to make a video, and it's
going to be perfect. You're going to
have to put in a little bit of work, but
you can iterate extremely fast. And I
built a custom skill for this. So, I'm
going to show that off in a second when
we do this live edit here. So, let's go
into VS Code and let's edit a video
together. I'm going to go to my
downloads real quick and drag in a video
clip that we're going to edit. Okay, so
I've got this video right here. here.
It's going to be 37 seconds long and
it's just me talking. I don't know why I
can't see the preview right here, but
this is now in our project. And what I'm
going to do is I'm going to tell Claude
Code that we want to make a video using
this video. So, in my Claude in my
skills, you can see I've got some skills
that you guys obviously will get access
to all of them. And I have this one
right here called make a video. And
we've got some references in here and
we've got the skill. So, what I'm going
to do is say, "Hey Claude Code, I need
you to use the make a video skill and I
need you to help me create a video for
the golden ratio demo.mpp4." or that
I've dropped into the root of this
project. So that's the video. What I
need you to do is help me figure out how
to animate this. I'm also just going to
shoot this off in plan mode and then we
will get going. You can see it's invoked
the make a video skill and it's going to
start by basically interviewing us a
little bit and understanding the video
in order for it to understand what to
build. Oh, and by the way, just for
reference right now in my usage, I am
20% of the way through. So keep that in
mind, 20% of the way through. Let's see
where we are after we have our finished
video back right here. Now, what I want
you to do is think about what it's
actually doing here. So, right here, it
tells us, okay, the video is landscape
at 60 fps, 37 seconds, 2259 frames. Let
me sample a few frames to see what this
video actually contains. So, it needs to
analyze it a little bit. It says, "Got
it. This video is just you at your desk
in your AIS quarterzip with your mic.
You're standing there just talking. So,
now it understands what it's looking
at." And you can see it starts to set up
all of these different gates. So, the
next thing we have to do is script and
voice. So, it's going to ask us some
questions. What is the golden ratio demo
going to become um a face plus motion
graphic overlays. So, that's kind of
like what we saw in the um claude edit
intro, the video that I showed you guys
earlier. Or do we want my face cam to be
like on the bottom right corner and make
it be more of like a core style video. I
want to do sort of one of these. So, we
will click on this. You want to keep the
full 37 seconds or trim it? I'm just
going to keep the full 37 seconds.
Should I transcribe the demo so we get
word level timestamps? Absolutely. So
that's what's really key here is it
needs to transcribe the video so that
not only like I said can it create the
right motion graphics, but it also needs
to have them come into the scene at the
right time. So you can either have it do
this locally by installing like a Python
whisper thing and it will actually go do
it on your machine. But if that's taking
up too much of your RAM, then what you
can do is just use like an API to do so.
So, if you give it an OpenAI API key, it
can use OpenAI's whisper to go grab the
transcript and the timestamps. And right
on Q, you can see it says whisper.cpp
isn't installed. So, it's going to try
alternatives, which will be the OpenAI
API. I ended up uninstalling this
because when I was running like eight
different videos at the same time, it
was just killing my RAM. So, I just
said, "Hey, just uninstall that." Now,
the transcript is in and you can see
that it starts to actually plan out what
it's going to do for each kind of
section of the video. So, hero visual
metaphor. What carries the golden ratio
idea visually across the whole piece?
Yeah, we'll just go with this. I'm just
going to take its recommendations. What
about the captions? I don't actually
want to do captions. We'll say no. Audio
only and facecam treatment corner pip
throughout. Full screen for intro and
outro. Full screen with floating MG
overlays. Yeah, I'm going to do this
one. You guys may be confused about this
whole golden ratio thing because I
haven't shown you the raw footage yet,
but just stick with me. You'll see at
the end. It's going to keep chugging its
way through all of these different
gates. I'm going to check in with you
guys if we get anything interesting or
once it's done. Okay, so we got the plan
ready for review. So, this is where you
definitely want to spend some time
making sure that you agree with what
it's doing. So, it's basically going to
tell me here for each of these sections,
what is the motion graphics or
animations that it's going to create?
Because once you start creating them,
that's where you're getting a lot of
output tokens being used because it's
writing a ton of HTML. So, if you accept
the plan, but then you end up like not
liking what it's doing, that will cost
you more tokens. So, take some time,
read through the plan, and then go ahead
and approve it. In this case, I'm just
going to go ahead and approve it because
I want to see how good it does by
default without me helping steer it a
ton. And one other quick thing I wanted
to mention while this is churning out
its code is that if you wanted to take
like a completely raw unedited video and
drop it into here, you would probably
want to manually edit out some of the
mistakes and the retakes or some of the
blank space or like dead space because
it's not going to be great at
interpreting when is the start of a new
sentence and when did you mess up and
what do you want to remove. So you could
also try to use a tool like dcript but
it's the same sort of logic and even
dscript messes up a lot of times when I
try to use it. So I will usually just
take the script, I will cut out the
mistakes because I know what's a mistake
and what's not and then I take that file
and drop it into here. Now cloud code
with something like f ofmpeg and
hyperframes. It certainly could, but you
would just have to steer it. And at that
point, if you're saying, hey, you know,
cut from 4 seconds to 7 seconds and then
cut from 15 seconds to 22 seconds. At
that point, you doing that and then
having it render all that would just
take longer than if you just did it
yourself. So that's why I say that it's
still capable. Just got to play around.
Okay, so it pulls up a preview and I do
want to say that I've been having a lot
of issues with these previews on local
host. That's something that on Remotion
I've basically never had an issue with,
but for some reason Hyperframes, maybe
because it's HTML based or whatever it
is, it has a problem sometimes. So like
right here, what's happened is it's
loaded in all of the different
compositions, but at the bottom of the
screen, you see it says 0 seconds out of
0 seconds. So there's nothing for me to
actually look at. But here's the exact
same scenario with the intro video, and
this one's working fine. So sometimes
it's been working. It's been a little
bit hit or miss. I can go back and forth
to have it, you know, try to fix it. Or
if it's doing the same thing to you and
you're just getting frustrated with it,
then just say, "Hey, you know what?
Instead, just go ahead and give me the
full render and then I'll give you
feedback from there." The only time when
that's really annoying is if the render
is going to take a long time, if it's
like a 15-minute video, and then you
render everything just to see that you
need to make a few changes. Okay, so
what's really cool is when I told it to
go ahead and render it, what it does is
it does another final check and it looks
at the frames and before I even gave any
feedback, it made another fix. So, it
made a V1 and then it came back and made
a V2. It gave us another local host.
Let's see if we can see it this time.
Cool. Okay, we actually can see it in a
local host. So, let's give this a watch.
Hey guys, my name is Nate. Today I
wanted to talk to you about the golden
ratio of AI automation which basically
means when you think of automating a
process with AI. You think about the
first 60% being automated with just
deterministic logic the next 30% being
automated with AI sort of AI assisted
and then that last 10% being kind of the
human in the loop manual approval stage.
And the reason why I think this is
important is because some people think
that AI is magic and it can do it all.
Some people think that AI is trash and
it can't do anything because they've
only been using Copilot. And really,
it's actually somewhere in the middle.
So, that's what I want to talk about in
this video. Okay. So, pretty good.
There's obviously some issues, but if
you think about the fact that we hardly
prompted it and it's, you know, it added
this overlay on the the lefth hand side,
so we can put text and we can see it.
This was a big major issue. I think it
put the blur on top of the text rather
than behind. But, you know, there's a
few things we needed to fix here with
spacing and with, you know, the blur.
But this is pretty cool. Like the the
animations that it's making and the
logic that it went through to make this
the stuff is pretty cool. Now, also the
the video in general is a little dark
and um if I seem a little tired. I
literally like had just woken up and I
decided to film this. But let's actually
talk about how do we give this thing
feedback now. Okay. Okay, so real quick
before we start giving feedback, I want
to see how much context we're at, how
many tokens this is eating up because
this does eat up a decent amount. So
right now in the conversation, we are at
263K
out of our million. So what I would do
here is I would basically just go ahead
and give this a clear. So in this case,
what I like to do is say, okay, give me
a summary of everything that you've
built and you know where the different
files are so I can clear the session
because I don't want to be making all of
these changes on top of 263,000 tokens.
We're going to reset and then I'm going
to give it some more feedback. Okay, so
here is the handoff message. I'm going
to copy all of this. I'm going to clear
this session and then I'm going to paste
that in and then I'm just going to shoot
that off and let it sort of like
reorient itself and then we're going to
go ahead and give feedback. And don't
over complicate the feedback. The way
you're going to do this is the same
exact way that you would give feedback
to a human video editor. Basically
saying, hey, at this time stamp I don't
like this and I like this and at this
time stamp do this. So, let's just go
ahead and start. Okay. So, the feedback
that I need you to incorporate and fix
some of these issues is as follows.
Overall, I like the vibe. I like the
logic. I just need some aesthetic
changes. So, first of all, at about 5
seconds, four to 5 seconds, when the
text starts to come in that I think it
says the golden ratio, we can't actually
see it because there's a blur effect on
top of it. And I think that blur effect
needs to be behind it rather than on top
because that whole text is blurred out.
Basically from like, you know, 4 seconds
all the way till about 7 seconds. The
next scene where you have the 60% come
in at about 12 seconds in. This looks
really good. However, kind of the right
half of the percentage sign gets blurred
and a little bit of the left part of the
six is out of frame. So, if you can kind
of just scale that down a little bit and
make sure that none of that text is
blurred out. Very similar feedback for
the next section with the 30%. This one
all fits in frame, but the right half of
the percentage sign is also blurred out.
And same thing for the 10%. The right
half of the percentage sign is blurred
out.
The next scene looks solid. No feedback
there. I think that's really good. And
same thing with the final scene. So
those are the changes that I have for
you. Please go ahead and figure out how
to make those and then give us a new
video. And that's why it's so nice to be
able to just speak instead of having to
type things out cuz you can just look at
it and you can speak. So if you guys
want to check out the tool that I use,
just use the link in the description.
The good news is it basically told us,
"Yep, everything you said is true. I see
this. I need to make these changes." So,
what you can do is in your prompting and
the way that you set up your video
editing flow is you can try to have it
make sure that before it ever renders or
before it ever gives you any any output
to review, you're telling it to look at
every single frame first and then it can
extract all of them, fix the changes,
and then come back with a better
version. So, anyways, here's the plan.
It's suggested changes to fix all of
those things that we wanted. I'm going
to go ahead and accept that and I'll let
you know when we get our V2 or
technically, I guess it would be our V3.
All right, we've got a V3. Let's open
this up and check it out. Hey guys, my
name is Nate. Today I wanted to talk to
you about the golden ratio of AI
automation, which basically means when
you think of automating a process with
AI, you think about the first 60% being
automated with just deterministic logic.
The next 30% being automated with AI
sort of approval is because some people
Okay, so you can see that the fixes have
been made a little bit. The 60% still
cut off a bit, but the percentage signs
look good. And of course, the big one is
the hero title. This is still blurred
out. So, I'm going to do another round
of revisions and we should be there. The
hero title is still unreadable. It's
still completely blurred out. I don't
know what is going on here, but you need
to make it visible just like the other
text on this slide like lesson one and
of a automation. Those are completely
visible. So, you need to fix that. And
then the percentage signs look better.
The only issue still is that the 60% a
little chunk of the six is still out of
frame. So, if you can just scale this
down or either just move it a little bit
more to the right, that needs to be
fixed a little bit, but the other ones
look good. All right, V4 is here.
Fingers crossed. Hey guys, my name is
Nate. Today I wanted to talk to you
about the golden ratio of AI automation
which basically means when you think of
automating a process with AI. You think
about the first 60% being automated with
just deterministic logic the next 30%
being automated with AI sort of AI
assisted and then that last 10% being
kind of the human in the loop manual
approval stage. And the reason why I
think this is important some people
think we've only been using cop actually
that's what I want to talk about in this
video. There we go. We have our final
version. I also think that this is
pretty interesting, this kind of spiral.
I forget what this pattern is called,
but we have basically the 10%, the 30%,
and the 60% of the golden ratio. So,
that's just showing you that Opus 4.7
cloud code, the logic that it's able to
make and then using hyperframes and
turning that into actual HTML that can
be animated is very cool. So, the final
thing I wanted to talk about was just
kind of the cost and speed stuff. So,
let's come back into here and let's do
another quick/context to see how many we
took on that second run. So, the first
one was what, like 260K. This one is
125K. And if we remember our session
limits, we started this project at 20%.
So this one project took about 10% of my
5 hour limit and I'm on the $200 a month
max plan. So keep that in mind because
we're writing so much output with our
with our code. That is what's going to
eat up the tokens. But if you can follow
some best practices and clear stuff,
then you're going to be able to
dramatically reduce that. The other
thing to note is that if you're
rendering multiple videos, your CPU,
your RAM will feel it. So yesterday when
I uploaded the video about cloud design,
my facecam was all glitchy and I
realized I was like, "Okay, that was so
dumb." Because I was rendering like four
videos as I was recording that one. So
if you're rendering multiple videos and
your computer starts to feel slow,
that's why. So maybe just only do one at
a time or whatever you need to do there.
But anyways, that is going to do it for
this one. I hope you guys enjoyed. I
hope you learned something new. Don't
forget to go to the free school
community to get all of the resources
that you need. But if you enjoyed, give
it a like. Helps me out a ton. And I
appreciate you guys making it to the end
of the video. And I will see you in the
next one.